README.md, before:

yii2-widgets
============

Collection of useful widgets for Yii Framework 2 and typically themed for Twitter Bootstrap. The widgets currently available are:

### Forms/Inputs
* **ActiveForm:** Facilitates all [three form layouts] (http://getbootstrap.com/css/#forms-example) available in Bootstrap i.e.
  __vertical__, __horizontal__, and __inline__. Allows options for offsetting labels and inputs for horizontal form layout. Works closely
  with the extended ActiveField widget.
	
* **ActiveField:** Allows Bootstrap styled [input group addons] (http://getbootstrap.com/components/#input-groups-basic) to 
  be prepended or appended to textInputs. Automatically adjusts checkboxes and radio input offsets for horizontal forms. Allows, 
  flexibility to control the labels and placeholders based on form layout style (e.g. hide labels and show them as placeholder for inline forms).

## Installation

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
$ php composer.phar require kartik-v/yii2-widgets "dev-master"
```

or add

```
"kartik-v/yii2-widgets": "dev-master"
```

to the require section of your `composer.json` file.

## Usage

### How to call?

```php
  use kartik\widgets;
  $form = ActiveForm::begin();
```

### ActiveForm

```php
  // Horizontal Form
	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
		'id' => 'form-signup',
		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_HORIZONTAL
	]);
  
	// Inline Form
	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
		'id' => 'form-login', 
		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_INLINE
		'fieldConfig' => ['labelAsPlaceholder'=>true]
	]);

  	// Horizontal Form Configuration
  	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
  		'id' => 'form-signup', 
  		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_HORIZONTAL
		'formConfig' => ['labelSpan' => 2, 'spanSize' => ActiveForm::SIZE_SMALL]
	]);
```

### ActiveField

```php
	// Prepend an addon text
   	echo $form->field($model, 'email', ['addon' => ['type'=>'prepend', 'content'=>'@']]);
   	
   	// Append an addon text
	echo $form->field($model, 'amount_paid', [
  		'addon' => ['type' => 'append', 'content'=>'.00']
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (like icons)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => '<i class="glyphicon glyphicon-phone"></i>'
		]
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (inputs)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => '<input type="radio">'
		]
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (buttons)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => Html::button('Go', ['class'=>'btn btn-primary']),
			'asButton' => true
		]
	]);
	
```

## License

**yii2-widgets** is released under the BSD 3-Clause License. See the bundled `LICENSE.md` for details.

Commit message:

Update widget information usage
Update widget information usage

README.md, after:

yii2-widgets
============

Collection of useful widgets for Yii Framework 2 and typically themed for Twitter Bootstrap. The widgets currently available are:

### Forms/Inputs
* **ActiveForm:** Extends Yii [ActiveForm widget] (https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2/blob/master/framework/yii/widgets/ActiveForm.php). Facilitates
   all [three form layouts] (http://getbootstrap.com/css/#forms-example) available in Bootstrap i.e. __vertical__, __horizontal__, and __inline__. 
  Allows options for offsetting labels and inputs for horizontal form layout. Works closely
  with the extended ActiveField widget.
	
* **ActiveField:** Extends Yii [ActiveField widget] (https://github.com/yiisoft/yii2/blob/master/framework/yii/widgets/ActiveField.php). Allows
  Bootstrap styled [input group addons] (http://getbootstrap.com/components/#input-groups-basic) to be prepended or appended to textInputs. 
  Automatically adjusts checkboxes and radio input offsets for horizontal forms. Allows, flexibility to control the labels and placeholders 
  based on form layout style (e.g. hide labels and show them as placeholder for inline forms).

## Installation

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
$ php composer.phar require kartik-v/yii2-widgets "dev-master"
```

or add

```
"kartik-v/yii2-widgets": "dev-master"
```

to the require section of your `composer.json` file.

## Usage

### How to call?

```php
  use kartik\widgets;
  $form = ActiveForm::begin();
```

### ActiveForm

```php
  // Horizontal Form
	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
		'id' => 'form-signup',
		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_HORIZONTAL
	]);
  
	// Inline Form
	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
		'id' => 'form-login', 
		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_INLINE
		'fieldConfig' => ['labelAsPlaceholder'=>true]
	]);

  	// Horizontal Form Configuration
  	$form = ActiveForm::begin([
  		'id' => 'form-signup', 
  		'type' => ActiveForm::TYPE_HORIZONTAL
		'formConfig' => ['labelSpan' => 2, 'spanSize' => ActiveForm::SIZE_SMALL]
	]);
```

### ActiveField

```php
	// Prepend an addon text
   	echo $form->field($model, 'email', ['addon' => ['type'=>'prepend', 'content'=>'@']]);
   	
   	// Append an addon text
	echo $form->field($model, 'amount_paid', [
  		'addon' => ['type' => 'append', 'content'=>'.00']
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (like icons)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => '<i class="glyphicon glyphicon-phone"></i>'
		]
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (inputs)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => '<input type="radio">'
		]
	]);
	
	// Formatted addons (buttons)
	echo $form->field($model, 'phone', [
		'addon' => [
			'type' => 'prepend', 
			'content' => Html::button('Go', ['class'=>'btn btn-primary']),
			'asButton' => true
		]
	]);
	
```

## License

**yii2-widgets** is released under the BSD 3-Clause License. See the bundled `LICENSE.md` for details.
